The President:
I've spent some time lately
traveling the country and
talking with folks
outside of Washington.
And the number one issue for the
people I meet is how we can get
back to a place where
we're creating good,
middle-class jobs that pay
well and offer some security.
That's the idea behind
the American Jobs Act.
It's a jobs bill that does two
simple things: put more people
back to work, and more money
back in the pockets of people
who are working.
This jobs bill puts construction
workers back to work rebuilding
our roads and bridges and
modernizing our schools.
This jobs bill puts teachers
back in the classroom,
and keeps cops and
firefighters on our streets.
This jobs bill gives tax credits
to companies that hire our
veterans, because if you sign
up to fight for our country,
the last thing you should have
to do is fight for a job when
you come home.
This jobs bill connects the
long-term unemployed to
temporary work to keep their
skills sharp while they look for
a job, and it gives hundreds of
thousands of young people the
hope of a job next summer.
This jobs bill cuts taxes for
every small business owner
in America.
It cuts them even more for small
business owners that hire new
workers and raise
workers' salaries.
And it cuts taxes for every
working family in America so
that you'll have more
money in your pockets,
and businesses know they'll
have more customers to buy
what they sell.
That's the American Jobs Act,
and you can check it out for
yourself on WhiteHouse.gov.
It will create new jobs.
It'll cut taxes for every
worker and small business in
the country.
And it will not
add to the deficit.
It will be paid for.
On Monday, I'll lay out my
plan for how we'll do that --
how we'll pay for this plan and
pay down our debt by following
some basic principles: making
sure we live within our means
and asking everyone to
pay their fair share.
But right now, we've got to get
Congress to pass this jobs bill.
Everything in the American Jobs
Act is the kind of idea that's
been supported by Democrats
and Republicans before.
And if they're ideas
you agree with,
then every one of you can help
make it happen by telling your
congressperson to pass
this jobs bill right away.
I know some of them would rather
wait another year to wage
another election than
work together right now.
But most Americans don't
have the luxury of waiting.
It was three years ago this week
that a financial crisis on Wall
Street made things much more
difficult for working folks
on Main Street.
And too many are still
hurting as a result.
So the time for action is now.
No more games.
No more gridlock.
No more division or delay.
It's time for the people you
sent to Washington to put
country before party -- to stop
worrying so much about their
jobs and start worrying
more about yours.
It's time to get to work and
show the world once again why
the United States of
America remains the greatest
nation on Earth.
Thanks.